these so-called cousteau and his pals who
had the first idea of ​​putting
walkie talkie inside helmets
but we invented this little
antenna that you see here for
can swing music
the mesle formulated the mothership of
Team 6 or a group of specialists
underwater
adventurer
the director of documentaries morning
led by renowned scenographer
international commander steve
zissou who knows perfectly all
mysteries of marine life do well
be careful there are leeches deserve
you have no leeches nobody has
says attack I'm alone what is it
this story but it remains a form
of life that the disbanded commander who
knows very little then it seems that my
son that's it
I want you to join team 6 or
the advice by interests I'm going
recommend to red cap and a slip of
bath
it will be the most ambitious adventure of
team 6 or so far could pass
the night to get drunk and in
ten days go in search of the
shark who ate my friend and I will kill
but what is the scientific purpose of this
revenge massage you have to
officially transmit that you do not
will kill cheap shark
we will do two groups I take ned
ogata desvals thank you thank you very much not in
to have
yes we are on our way to a mission
illegal suicide
I will break your mouth steve
never say I'll break the
mouth this tifo I will smile is natural
and there you bread scales
m
no
who
now we are there
did you find what you
was looking for me here with me
I hope so
are you burying the field of
wonderful ballets I wonder what
will not say that was the horn of
barge toxic waste but that's
whales